# Translations
#
# - Edit each 'Translation' subsection below.
# - Do not edit 'Source Text' subsections.
# - Choose UTF-8 whenever you have to select a character encoding.
# - You may use any text editor.
# - You may split long sentences with single new lines.
# - You may separate paragraphs by leaving a blank line between them.
# - You may include comments.
#   - What follows an octothorpe (#) is ignored until the next line.
#   - An escaped octothorpe (\#) is treated as normal text.

:: Identifier

expostats:tool1:translations:fr

:: Language Code

fr

:: Language

Français

:: Source Language

English

:: Translations: 4c9bab6: Source Text

Tool 1 is an open-source and free-to-use web application that facilitates the
interpretation of industrial hygiene measurements, particularly in assessing
compliance with occupational exposure limits (OELs).

:: Translations: 4c9bab6: Translation

L'Outil 1 est une application web libre et gratuite qui facilite
l'interprétation des mesures d'hygiène industrielle, en particulier pour évaluer
la conformité avec les valeurs limites d'exposition professionnelle (VLE).

:: Translations: 449ff93: Source Text

The current situation is %s.

:: Translations: 449ff93: Translation

La situation est actuellement %s.

:: Translations: 82cb390: Source Text

Ogden, Trevor, and Jérôme Lavoué. %s, %s, Journal of Occupational and
Environmental Hygiene, Volume 9, Issue 4, 2012, Pages D63-D70.

:: Translations: 82cb390: Translation

Ogden, Trevor, et Jérôme Lavoué. %s, %s, Journal of Occupational and
Environmental Hygiene, Volume 9, Numéro 4, 2012, Pages D63-D70.

:: Translations: 9add3cf: Source Text

Risk Meter

:: Translations: 9add3cf: Translation

Indicateur (Compteur) de risque [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 10c4b97: Source Text

You may also consult the scientific report of the Webexpo project. It includes
a large introductory section focusing on industrial hygiene statistics.

:: Translations: 10c4b97: Translation

Vous pouvez également consulter le rapport scientifique du projet Webexpo. Il
comprend une importante section introductive consacrée aux statistiques de
l'hygiène industrielle.

:: Translations: 0cdc87d: Source Text

%s and %s currently maintains Tool 1. Ununoctium is an external collaborator
working on the design and implementation of newer versions greater than or
equal to 4.0.0. It oversees non-scientific components of the web application on
behalf of Jérôme Lavoué.

:: Translations: 0cdc87d: Translation

%s et %s maintiennent actuellement l'Outil 1. Ununoctium est un collaborateur
externe qui travaille sur la conception et l'implémentation des versions
supérieures ou égales à 4.0.0. Il supervise les composantes non-scientifiques
de l'application web sous la supervision de Jérôme Lavoué.

:: Translations: ad77e09: Source Text

Measurements can be censored as long as they use the same units as other
non-censored measurements.

:: Translations: ad77e09: Translation

Les mesures peuvent être censurées si elles utilisent les mêmes unités que les
autres mesures non censurées.

:: Translations: 84f7000: Source Text

Toggle the current color scheme (light or dark).

:: Translations: 84f7000: Translation

Alterner le thème actuel de l'interface (clair ou foncé). [REVIEW ENGLISH]

:: Translations: 46750d4: Source Text

More languages are coming soon.

:: Translations: 46750d4: Translation

D'autres langues seront bientôt disponibles.

:: Translations: e0147d1: Source Text

The point estimate of the geometric mean is equal to %s.

:: Translations: e0147d1: Translation

L'estimation ponctuelle de la moyenne géométrique est égale à %s.

:: Translations: e1314a7: Source Text

simplified

:: Translations: e1314a7: Translation

simplifié

:: Translations: df83adb: Source Text

Arithmetic Mean

:: Translations: df83adb: Translation

Moyenne Arithmétique

:: Translations: 036cb38: Source Text

This plot shows the probability density function of the estimated distribution
of exposures. The OEL is shown as a red dotted line and the point estimate of
the arithmetic mean as a continuous green line.

:: Translations: 036cb38: Translation

Ce graphique montre la fonction de densité de probabilité de la distribution
estimée des expositions. La VLE est représentée par une ligne pointillée rouge
et l'estimation ponctuelle de la moyenne arithmétique par une ligne verte
continue.

:: Translations: bda8863: Source Text

The %s, %s, and %s about measurement data interpretation are very similar but
aggregate the %s and %s categories as %4$s.

:: Translations: bda8863: Translation

Les %s, %s et %s concernant l'interprétation des données de mesure sont très
similaires, mais regroupent les catégories %s et %s sous la forme de %4$s
[REVIEW].

:: Translations: a632e97: Source Text

Number of Obversations

:: Translations: a632e97: Translation

Nombre d'obversations

:: Translations: 7034018: Source Text

Measurements

:: Translations: 7034018: Translation

Mesures

:: Translations: 82332ff: Source Text

Jérôme Lavoué, Lawrence Joseph, Tracy L. Kirkham, France Labrèche, Gautier
Mater, and Frédéric Clerc (2020). %s (Report R-1065). IRSST.

:: Translations: 82332ff: Translation

Jérôme Lavoué, Lawrence Joseph, Tracy L. Kirkham, France Labrèche, Gautier
Mater et Frédéric Clerc (2020). %s (Report R-1065). IRSST.

:: Translations: 20a872f: Source Text

If you have a GitHub account, you may submit bugs, request features, and
provide feedback by creating an issue on %s.

:: Translations: 20a872f: Translation

Si vous avez un compte GitHub, vous pouvez soumettre des bogues, demander des
fonctionnalités et fournir des commentaires en créant un Issue sur %s [REVIEW].

:: Translations: 7d60ad6: Source Text

tolerable

:: Translations: 7d60ad6: Translation

tolérable

:: Translations: 9d61612: Source Text

Depending on the server's current load and the sample's size, you may have to
wait a little while before obtaining results. Waiting times are usually lower
than 30 seconds. Some %s panels require more computing time and resources.

:: Translations: 9d61612: Translation

En fonction de la charge actuelle du serveur et de la taille de l'échantillon,
il se peut que vous deviez attendre avant d'obtenir les résultats. Les temps
d'attente sont généralement inférieurs à 30 secondes. Certains panneaux %s
nécessitent plus de temps de calcul et de ressources. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 9616619: Source Text

Do not put a blank character (tab, space, etc.) before and after special
characters used to indicate how a measurement is censored. See below for more
information.

:: Translations: 9616619: Translation

Ne mettez pas de caractère vide (tabulation, espace, etc.) avant et après les
caractères spéciaux indiquant qu'une mesure est censurée. Voir ci-dessous pour
plus d'informations.

:: Translations: 176669b: Source Text

Select a criterion for what is considered overexposure (for example, the %s
percentile being greater than or equal to the OEL).

:: Translations: 176669b: Translation

Sélectionnez un critère pour déterminer ce qui est considéré comme une
surexposition (par exemple, le %s percentile supérieur ou égal à la VLE).

:: Translations: ad1e98e: Source Text

OEL

:: Translations: ad1e98e: Translation

VLE

:: Translations: bddbd7f: Source Text

acceptable

:: Translations: bddbd7f: Translation

acceptable

:: Translations: 6489309: Source Text

Use this value to set the percentile of the exposure distribution that will be
compared to the OEL. It must be between 0% and 100%. The traditional default
value is 95%.

:: Translations: 6489309: Translation

Cette valeur permet de définir le percentile de la distribution de l'exposition
qui sera comparé à la VLE. Elle doit être comprise entre 0% et 100%. La valeur
traditionnelle par défaut est 95%.

:: Translations: 73dff8f: Source Text

Can measurements be censored?

:: Translations: 73dff8f: Translation

Les mesures peuvent-elles être censurées?

:: Translations: 4528da3: Source Text

Acceptable Sample

:: Translations: 4528da3: Translation

Échantillon acceptable

:: Translations: 2970e5a: Source Text

Default

:: Translations: 2970e5a: Translation

Défaut [REVIEW]

:: Translations: fc5ad54: Source Text

In the %s panel, censored measurements are subject to one of the following
procedures.

:: Translations: fc5ad54: Translation

Dans le panneau %s, les mesures censurées sonts oumises à l'une des procédures
suivantes.

:: Translations: 5d328be: Source Text

See the source code of Tool 1 on GitHub.

:: Translations: 5d328be: Translation

Consultez le code source de l'Outil 1 sur GitHub (en anglais seulement).

:: Translations: 5dc95f8: Source Text

Usage

:: Translations: 5dc95f8: Translation

Utilisation

:: Translations: 6192e8e: Source Text

This plot shows the probability distribution of the uncertainty around the
arithmetic mean. It shows the probability that its true value is (1) below 1%
of the OEL, (2) between 1% and 10% of the OEL, (3) between 10% and 50% of the
OEL, (4) between 50% and 100% of the OEL, and (5) greater than the OEL. This is
based on the classification adopted by AIHA. The red column represents the
probability of an overexposure. The latter should be lower than the threshold
(black dashed line).

:: Translations: 6192e8e: Translation

Ce graphique montre la distribution de probabilité de l'incertitude autour de
la moyenne arithmétique. Il montre la probabilité que sa valeur réelle soit
(1) inférieure à 1 % de la VLE, (2) comprise entre 1 % et 10 % de la VLE,
(3) comprise entre 10 % et 50 % de la VLE, (4) comprise entre 50 % et 100 % de
la VLE, et (5) supérieure à la VLE. Cette classification est basée sur celle
adoptée par l'AIHA. La colonne rouge représente la probabilité d'une
surexposition. Celle-ci doit être inférieure au seuil (ligne noire en
pointillés).

:: Translations: cebe5c4: Source Text

Measurement Index

:: Translations: cebe5c4: Translation

Indice de mesure

:: Translations: b66eca7: Source Text

The points above should follow a straight line. Random deviations from it are
expected. However, significant deviations suggest that the data may have to be
split into distinct subsets, or that some outliers must be investigated.

:: Translations: b66eca7: Translation

Les points ci-dessus devraient suivre une ligne droite. Des écarts aléatoires
par rapport à cette ligne sont prévisibles. Toutefois, des écarts importants
suggèrent que les données doivent être divisées en sous-ensembles distincts ou
que certaines valeurs aberrantes doivent être étudiées.

:: Translations: 6863c44: Source Text

Clear

:: Translations: 6863c44: Translation

Effacer

:: Translations: 179eb27: Source Text

There must be one value per line.

:: Translations: 179eb27: Translation

Il ne doit y avoir qu'une seule valeur par ligne.

:: Translations: a2b22df: Source Text

What are modes?

:: Translations: a2b22df: Translation

Qu'est-ce qu'un mode?

:: Translations: 7e85759: Source Text

Parameters

:: Translations: 7e85759: Translation

Paramètres

:: Translations: 0524962: Source Text

Mode

:: Translations: 0524962: Translation

Mode

:: Translations: 3eba509: Source Text

Risk Assessment

:: Translations: 3eba509: Translation

Évaluation du risque

:: Translations: 378fb16: Source Text

General

:: Translations: 378fb16: Translation

Généralités

:: Translations: 426cfe3: Source Text

Risk assessment based on the arithmetic mean relies on the availability of a
long-term averaged OEL (LTA-OEL in the AIHA terminology) representing a
cumulative burden threshold. Most current OELs are not created as LTA-OEL.

Despite an annoying lack of precise definition by most organizations, they
should be most often viewed as thresholds to be exceeded as rarely as possible.
Some authors have suggested using one-tenth of the OEL as a practical LTA-OEL
when assessing risk using the arithmetic mean.

:: Translations: 426cfe3: Translation

L'évaluation des risques basée sur la moyenne arithmétique repose sur la
disponibilité d'une VLE moyenne à long terme (OEL-LTA dans la terminologie de
l'AIHA) représentant un seuil de charge cumulative. La plupart des VLE actuelles
ne sont pas des VLE moyennes à long terme.

En dépit d'un manque gênant de définition précise de la part de la plupart des
organisations, les VLE devraient être le plus souvent considérées comme des
seuils à dépasser aussi rarement que possible. Certains auteurs ont suggéré
d'utiliser un dixième de la VLE comme VLE moyenne à long terme  lors de
l'évaluation des risques à l'aide de la moyenne arithmétique.

:: Translations: 80d1a60: Source Text

Exceedance Fraction Category

:: Translations: 80d1a60: Translation

Catégorie de la fraction de dépassement

:: Translations: fa75cdd: Source Text

Proportion Greater than OEL

:: Translations: fa75cdd: Translation

Proportion supérieure à la VLE

:: Translations: 632ebd0: Source Text

Sample Statistic

:: Translations: 632ebd0: Translation

Statistique d'échantillonnage

:: Translations: ad9a641: Source Text

Who created Tool 1?

:: Translations: ad9a641: Translation

Qui a créé l'Outil 1?

:: Translations: 77a3276: Source Text

Single plot (with uncertainty)

:: Translations: 77a3276: Translation

Graphique unique (avec incertitude)

:: Translations: 9578728: Source Text

All rights reserved.

:: Translations: 9578728: Translation

Tous droits réservés.

:: Translations: 380f931: Source Text

Submit

:: Translations: 380f931: Translation

Soumettre

:: Translations: af71ace: Source Text

Interval censored measurements are imputed as the mid-range.

:: Translations: af71ace: Translation

Les mesures censurées par intervalle sont imputées au milieu de l'intervalle.

:: Translations: 1d671e4: Source Text

Overexposure is defined as the %s percentile being greater than or equal to the
OEL.

:: Translations: 1d671e4: Translation

La surexposition est définie comme le percentile %s supérieur ou égal à la VLE.

:: Translations: 5fafea5: Source Text

How long should I wait for the results?

:: Translations: 5fafea5: Translation

Combien de temps dois-je attendre pour obtenir les résultats?

:: Translations: ed17ed2: Source Text

The decision scheme to interpret the probability of overexposure (the
overexposure risk, which is the probability that the overexposure criterion is
met) follows the recommendation of the AIHA video series %s.

:: Translations: ed17ed2: Translation

Le schéma décisionnel permettant d'interpréter la probabilité de surexposition
(le risque de surexposition, soit la probabilité que le critère de surexposition
soit satisfait) suit la recommandation de la série vidéo %s de l'AIHA (en
anglais seulement).

:: Translations: 8c8796c: Source Text

Can plots be expanded?

:: Translations: 8c8796c: Translation

Les graphiques peuvent-ils être agrandis?

:: Translations: fd52582: Source Text

The measurements are scattered around the x-axis middle point. The box (outer
horizontal lines) represents the distance between the 25%s and 75%s
percentiles. The whiskers (vertical lines) represent the distance between the
10%s and 90%s percentiles. The inner black horizontal line is the median.

:: Translations: fd52582: Translation

Les mesures sont dispersées autour du point central de l'axe des x. La boîte
(lignes horizontales extérieures) représente la distance entre les percentiles
25%s et 75%s. Les moustaches (lignes verticales) représentent la distance entre
les percentiles 10%s et 90%s. La ligne horizontale noire intérieure est la
médiane.

:: Translations: e80025a: Source Text

Sequential Plot

:: Translations: e80025a: Translation

Graphique séquentiel

:: Translations: c73ed1b: Source Text

Credible intervals are shown in square brackets.

:: Translations: c73ed1b: Translation

Les intervalles de crédibilité sont indiqués entre crochets.

:: Translations: 930bac6: Source Text

How can I generate results?

:: Translations: 930bac6: Translation

Comment puis-je obtenir des résultats?

:: Translations: de4ebb0: Source Text

The %s mode corresponds to a version of Tool 1 that only shows a curated subset
of results in a single %s panel. It used to be a distinct web application
called Tool 1 Express (Simplified) in earlier versions of Tool 1 and Expostats.

:: Translations: de4ebb0: Translation

Le mode %s correspond à une version de l'Outil 1 qui n'affiche qu'un
sous-ensemble de résultats dans un seul panneau %s. Auparavant, ce mode était
une application web distincte appelée Tool 1 Express (Simplified) dans les
versions antérieures de Tool 1 et d'Expostats. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 7d94d60: Source Text

This plot shows the estimated exposure distribution when assuming 250 exposure
measurements have been collected. If the measurements represent 8-hour TWA
(Time-Weighted Average) values, this approximately represents a full year of
exposure. The OEL is shown as a red dotted line and the point estimate of the
selected percentile as a continuous blue line.

:: Translations: 7d94d60: Translation

Ce graphique montre la distribution estimée de l'exposition en supposant que
250 mesures [REVIEW -> 100?] d'exposition ont été collectées. Si les mesures
représentent des valeurs pondérées sur 8 heures, cela représente
approximativement une année complète d'exposition. La VLE est représentée par
une ligne pointillée rouge et l'estimation ponctuelle du percentile sélectionné
par une ligne bleue continue.

:: Translations: 81fb05e: Source Text

Value

:: Translations: 81fb05e: Translation

Valeur

:: Translations: f533761: Source Text

Exceedance Plot

:: Translations: f533761: Translation

Graphique illustrant la fraction de dépassement

:: Translations: 8baa3d7: Source Text

The decision scheme adopted for the Simplified mode of Tool 1 was elaborated
during the creation of the AIHA video series %s. In that scheme, reaching 95%%
is ideal and yields an %s situation. Not reaching 95%% confidence but reaching
70%% confidence makes the situation %s. Not reaching 70%% confidence that there
is no overexposure makes the situation %s.

:: Translations: 8baa3d7: Translation

Le schéma décisionnel adopté pour le mode simplifié de l'Outil 1 a été élaboré
lors de la création de la série de vidéos %s de l'AIHA (en anglais seulement).
Dans celui-ci, atteindre 95%% est idéal et donne une situation %s. Si l'on
n'atteint pas 95%% de confiance mais que l'on atteint au minimum 70%% de
confiance, la situation est %s. Si l'on n'atteint pas 70%% de confiance en
l'absence de surexposition, la situation est jugée %s.

:: Translations: 511580d: Source Text

Statistical Inference

:: Translations: 511580d: Translation

Inférence statistique

:: Translations: 305b9f6: Source Text

Coefficient of Variation

:: Translations: 305b9f6: Translation

Coefficient de variation

:: Translations: 24a1b71: Source Text

Median

:: Translations: 24a1b71: Translation

Médiane

:: Translations: 2f456d9: Source Text

The 70%% upper confidence limit is equal to %s.

:: Translations: 2f456d9: Translation

La limite supérieure pour un niveau de confiance de 70%% est égale à %s.

:: Translations: 6298302: Source Text

Submit all parameters and start Bayesian calculations.

:: Translations: 6298302: Translation

Soumettre tous les paramètres et exécuter les calculs bayésiens.

:: Translations: fffde19: Source Text

Use this value as an acceptable proportion of exposures above the exposure
limit (OEL). It must be between 0% and 100%. The traditional default value is
5%.

:: Translations: fffde19: Translation

Utilisez cette valeur comme proportion acceptable d'expositions supérieures à
la valeur limite d'exposition (VLE). Elle doit être comprise entre 0% et 100%.
La valeur traditionnelle par défaut est de 5%.

:: Translations: 03c33e5: Source Text

Updating. Please wait.

:: Translations: 03c33e5: Translation

Mise à jour en cours. Veuillez patienter.

:: Translations: 745ebd1: Source Text

Calculation Parameters

:: Translations: 745ebd1: Translation

Paramètres de calcul

:: Translations: 00b437c: Source Text

Use this value as a probability for the credible intervals around parameter
estimates. It must be between 0% and 100%. The default value is set equal to
90%. The credible interval is the Bayesian equivalent of the confidence
interval.

:: Translations: 00b437c: Translation

Utilisez cette valeur comme probabilité pour les intervalles de crédibilité des
estimations des paramètres. Elle doit être comprise entre 0% et 100%. La valeur
par défaut est égale à 90%. L'intervalle de crédibilité est l'équivalent
bayésien de l'intervalle de confiance.

:: Translations: 79fb413: Source Text

Clear the measurement dataset. Doing so does not automatically update the
current results. Click on the Submit button when you are ready to do so.

:: Translations: 79fb413: Translation

Effacer l'ensemble des données de mesure. Cette opération ne met pas
automatiquement à jour les résultats actuels. Cliquez sur le bouton Soumettre
lorsque vous êtes prêt à le faire.

:: Translations: 4f6392c: Source Text

How should I interpret these results?

:: Translations: 4f6392c: Translation

Comment interpréter les résultats?

:: Translations: 0595dc0: Source Text

The point estimate of the exceedance fraction is equal to %s.

:: Translations: 0595dc0: Translation

L'estimation ponctuelle de la fraction de dépassement est égale à %s.

:: Translations: 1ad7b08: Source Text

Exposure Limit:

:: Translations: 1ad7b08: Translation

Valeur limite d'exposition: [REVIEW en]

:: Translations: 1a6a68b: Source Text

Is the approach of Tool 1 recognized and peer-reviewed?

:: Translations: 1a6a68b: Translation

L'approche de l'Outil 1 est-elle reconnue et examinée par des pairs?

:: Translations: 38210f7: Source Text

Add a lower than or equal sign before each measurement censored to the left
(e.g. <30.0).

:: Translations: 38210f7: Translation

Ajouter un signe inférieur ou égal devant chaque mesure censurée à gauche
(par exemple, <30.0).

:: Translations: 8fc2a6a: Source Text

Data Interpretation for One Similar Exposure Group

:: Translations: 8fc2a6a: Translation

Interprétation de données pour un groupe d'exposition similaire

:: Translations: f7a0860: Source Text

Tool 1

:: Translations: f7a0860: Translation

Outil 1

:: Translations: 92193c3: Source Text

What is Tool 1?

:: Translations: 92193c3: Translation

Qu'est-ce que l'Outil 1?

:: Translations: 10ef3a6: Source Text

Quantiles (Lognormal Distribution)

:: Translations: 10ef3a6: Translation

Quantiles (distribution log-normale)

:: Translations: e3d5355: Source Text

Percentiles

:: Translations: e3d5355: Translation

Percentiles

:: Translations: fd42002: Source Text

The %s panel and %s panels treat censored measurements differently. In %2$s
panels, non-detects are interpreted as such by the Bayesian model. The latter
natively extracts and uses the corresponding information. There is no
imputation and no creation of arbitrary values. See %s for an example.

:: Translations: fd42002: Translation

Les panneaux %s et %s traitent différemment les mesures censurées. Dans les
panneaux %2$s, les valeurs non-détectées [REVIEW] sont interprétées comme
telles par le modèle bayésien. Ce dernier extrait et utilise nativement les
informations correspondantes. Il n'y a ni imputation ni de création de valeurs
arbitraires. Voir %s pour un exemple.

:: Translations: 532bf12: Source Text

> OEL

:: Translations: 532bf12: Translation

> VLE

:: Translations: bf93329: Source Text

You may customize the user interface by using the menus and buttons located in
the title bar of Tool 1 (in the top right corner). All parameters may be
changed anytime on-the-fly throughout the session.

:: Translations: bf93329: Translation

Vous pouvez personnaliser l'interface utilisateur en utilisant les menus et les
boutons situés dans la barre de titre de l'outil 1 (dans le coin supérieur
droit de l'application). Tous les paramètres peuvent être modifiés à tout
moment au cours de la session.

:: Translations: 1277d46: Source Text

French guidelines

:: Translations: 1277d46: Translation

Lignes directrices françaises

:: Translations: 9cc07de: Source Text

Otherwise, you may send an email to the current maintainers of Tool 1: %s and
%s. The content of your email will be used to create an issue on GitHub on your
behalf. The objective is twofold: be transparent with the problems of Tool 1
and have a robust way to track and discuss these issues publicly.

:: Translations: 9cc07de: Translation

Sinon, vous pouvez également envoyer un courriel aux responsables de l'Outil 1:
%s et %s. Le contenu de votre courriel sera utilisé pour créer un Issue sur
GitHub en votre nom. L'objectif est double: être transparent sur les problèmes
de Tool 1 et disposer d'un moyen robuste pour suivre et discuter publiquement
de ses problèmes. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: d9fe05c: Source Text

Use this value as the maximal overexposure risk. It must be between 0% and
100%. It represents the maximal probability that the overexposure criterion is
met. Above this value, the situation requires remedial action. While 5% is the
traditional chosen value, recent guidelines suggest using 30% instead.

:: Translations: d9fe05c: Translation

Utilisez cette valeur comme risque maximal de surexposition. Elle doit être
comprise entre 0% et 100%. Elle représente la probabilité maximale que le
critère de surexposition soit satisfait. Au-delà de cette valeur, la situation
exige des mesures correctives. Bien que la valeur traditionnellement retenue
soit de 5%, des lignes directrices récentes suggèrent plutôt d'utiliser 30%.

:: Translations: 9bdd102: Source Text

Measurements:

:: Translations: 9bdd102: Translation

Mesures:

:: Translations: a3c6c52: Source Text

Censored

:: Translations: a3c6c52: Translation

Censuré

:: Translations: f6e929e: Source Text

Tool 1 was developped by the Industrial Hygiene team of the Department of
Environmental and Occupational Health at the %s of the %s.

:: Translations: f6e929e: Translation

L'Outil 1 a été développé par l'équipe d'hygiène industrielle du Département de
santé environnementale et santé au travail du %s du %s. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 8785301: Source Text

Critical Percentile:

:: Translations: 8785301: Translation

Percentile critique:

:: Translations: 3d4f8d5: Source Text

Arithmetic Standard Deviation

:: Translations: 3d4f8d5: Translation

Écart-type arithmétique

:: Translations: b7b4f0b: Source Text

Measurement Type

:: Translations: b7b4f0b: Translation

Type de mesure

:: Translations: e9989ce: Source Text

It is as follows.

:: Translations: e9989ce: Translation

Il se présente comme suit. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 362ceb2: Source Text

default

:: Translations: 362ceb2: Translation

par défaut [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 70d45be: Source Text

Language

:: Translations: 70d45be: Translation

Langue

:: Translations: 074c7d8: Source Text

If the overexposure risk is lower than 5%%, it is very low. The situation is
well controlled. We call it %s.

:: Translations: 074c7d8: Translation

Si le risque de surexposition est inférieur à 5%%, il est très faible et la
situation est bien maîtrisée. Nous l'appelons %s. [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 27c579f: Source Text

This plot shows the estimated exposure distribution when assuming 250 exposure
measurements have been collected. If the measurements represent 8-hour TWA
(Time-Weighted Average) values, this approximately represents a full year of
exposure. The OEL is shown as a red line.

:: Translations: 27c579f: Translation

Ce graphique montre la distribution estimée de l'exposition en supposant que
250 mesures [REVIEW -> 100?] d'exposition ont été collectées. Si les mesures
représentent des valeurs pondérées sur 8 heures, cela représente
approximativement une année complète d'exposition. La VLE est représentée par
une ligne rouge.

:: Translations: 6918de6: Source Text

Proportion Censored

:: Translations: 6918de6: Translation

Proportion d'observations censurées

:: Translations: e04262e: Source Text

Choosing either one is a matter of personal preference.

:: Translations: e04262e: Translation

Le choix de l'un ou l'autre est une question de préférence personnelle.

:: Translations: 8cbc334: Source Text

Why is there no shown output initially?

:: Translations: 8cbc334: Translation

Pourquoi n'y a-t-il pas de résultats affichés au départ?

:: Translations: 5e2c2fa: Source Text

Tool 2

:: Translations: 5e2c2fa: Translation

Outil 2

:: Translations: 3883288: Source Text

Customize

:: Translations: 3883288: Translation

Personnaliser [REVIEW]

:: Translations: 1de8474: Source Text

Concentration

:: Translations: 1de8474: Translation

Concentration

:: Translations: e2b62b1: Source Text

How can I customize the user interface?

:: Translations: e2b62b1: Translation

Comment puis-je personnaliser l'interface utilisateur?

:: Translations: 50da20b: Source Text

European guidelines EN689

:: Translations: 50da20b: Translation

lignes directrices européennes EN689

:: Translations: 4e85c1b: Source Text

No outputs are shown until inputs are submitted. Some static elements, such as
text and icons, are pre-rendered for optimization purposes.

:: Translations: 4e85c1b: Translation

Aucun résultat n'est affiché tant que les entrées n'ont pas été soumises.
Certains éléments statiques, tels que le texte et les icônes, sont pré-rendus
et affichés dès le départ à des fins d'optimisation.

:: Translations: 3116c76: Source Text

Expand

:: Translations: 3116c76: Translation

Agrandir

:: Translations: 5bbca33: Source Text

Geometric Standard Deviation

:: Translations: 5bbca33: Translation

Écart-type géométrique

:: Translations: 2052e8c: Source Text

Descriptive statistics should not be viewed as useful estimates of the
underlying exposure distribution. Use the %s panels for that purpose. These
provide information inferred from Bayesian models.

:: Translations: 2052e8c: Translation

Les statistiques descriptives ne doivent pas être considérées comme des
estimations utiles de la distribution de l'exposition sous-jacente. Utilisez
les panneaux %s à cette fin. Ils fournissent des informations déduites de
modèles bayésiens.

:: Translations: 5f52075: Source Text

10% < OEL ≤ 50%

:: Translations: 5f52075: Translation

10% < VLE ≤ 50%

:: Translations: f73886c: Source Text

The 95%% upper confidence limit is equal to %s.

:: Translations: f73886c: Translation

La limite supérieure pour un niveau de confiance de 95%% est égale à %s.

:: Translations: 6aff6b7: Source Text

Tool 1 uses a Bayesian approach to estimate the parameters of the lognormal
distribution. Doing so offers at least three advantages compared to traditional
(frequentist) methods.

:: Translations: 6aff6b7: Translation

L'Outil 1 utilise une approche bayésienne pour estimer les paramètres de la
distribution log-normale. Cette approche présente au moins trois avantages par
rapport aux méthodes traditionnelles (fréquentistes).

:: Translations: 9eef958: Source Text

Measurements censored to the left are treated using robust Log-probit
regression on order statistics. The algorithm used is derived from %s (itself
derived from the work of %s).

:: Translations: 9eef958: Translation

Les mesures censurées à gauche sont traitées à l'aide d'une régression
log-probit robuste sur les statistiques d'ordre. L'algorithme utilisé est
dérivé de %s (lui-même dérivé du travail de %s).

:: Translations: ed8d758: Source Text

Are there other educational resources about industrial hygiene statistics?

:: Translations: ed8d758: Translation

Y-t-il d'autres ressources pédagogiques sur les statistiques d'hygiène
industrielle?

:: Translations: fc5b077: Source Text

OEL outside of graphical limits.

:: Translations: fc5b077: Translation

VLE en dehors des limites du graphique.

:: Translations: e2d8fab: Source Text

Use the exposure limit to assess overexposure. It must have the same unit as
the measurement data.

:: Translations: e2d8fab: Translation

Utilisez la valeur limite d'exposition pour évaluer la surexposition. Elle
doit avoir les mêmes unités que les données de mesure. [REVIEW -> en]

:: Translations: a32a1f9: Source Text

This plot shows the estimated exposure distribution when assuming 250 exposure
measurements have been collected. If the measurements represent 8-hour TWA
(Time-Weighted Average) values, this approximately represents a full year of
exposure. The OEL is shown as a red dotted line and the point estimate of the
arithmetic mean as a continuous green line.

:: Translations: a32a1f9: Translation

Ce graphique montre la distribution estimée de l'exposition en supposant que
250 mesures [REVIEW -> 100?] d'exposition ont été collectées. Si les mesures
représentent des valeurs pondérées sur 8 heures, cela représente
approximativement une année complète d'exposition. La VLE est représentée par
une ligne pointillée rouge et l'estimation ponctuelle de la moyenne arithmétique
par une ligne verte continue.

:: Translations: 4e2a12c: Source Text

The probability that this criterion is met is equal to %s.

:: Translations: 4e2a12c: Translation

La probabilité que ce critère soit satisfait est égale à %s.

:: Translations: 7acfc21: Source Text

This risk meter shows the probability of the exposure being too high when
compared to the occupational exposure limit. The red zone indicates a
problematic exposure.

:: Translations: 7acfc21: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: c2bb46d: Source Text

It naturally integrates the treatment of non-detects.

:: Translations: c2bb46d: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: c165d34: Source Text

1% < OEL ≤ 10%

:: Translations: c165d34: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 0ff7e09: Source Text

Descriptive Statistics

:: Translations: 0ff7e09: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 23eb033: Source Text

Critical Percentile Category

:: Translations: 23eb033: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4bc6823: Source Text

Making Accurate Exposure Risk Decisions

:: Translations: 4bc6823: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8f7f102: Source Text

Quantile-Quantile Plot

:: Translations: 8f7f102: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 6db5beb: Source Text

50% < OEL ≤ 100%

:: Translations: 6db5beb: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 2348472: Source Text

Single plot (no uncertainty)

:: Translations: 2348472: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 0a5c356: Source Text

No results are shown in the right panels until the inputs are submitted, or the
current mode is updated.

:: Translations: 0a5c356: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: e510a31: Source Text

The point estimate of the %s percentile is equal to %s.

:: Translations: e510a31: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: dbb0a02: Source Text

Always put a leading zero before decimals for numbers strictly smaller than
one. Always use a dot for decimals. Do not use a separator for thousands.

:: Translations: dbb0a02: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 690c3dc: Source Text

Percentile Category

:: Translations: 690c3dc: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8a17368: Source Text

Submit inputs by clicking on the %s button.

:: Translations: 8a17368: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ea57967: Source Text

Exceedance Fraction Threshold:

:: Translations: ea57967: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f69c2db: Source Text

Estimates

:: Translations: f69c2db: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 798b335: Source Text

Credible Interval Probability:

:: Translations: 798b335: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 62fc968: Source Text

Percentile

:: Translations: 62fc968: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 05019d4: Source Text

Simplified

:: Translations: 05019d4: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ddd9ef3: Source Text

Use this value to change the color of exposures that are above the exposure
limit.

:: Translations: ddd9ef3: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 677f437: Source Text

The plot on the left shows an acceptable situation for the chosen exceedance
threshold (traditionally 5% above the OEL). The plot on the right shows the
situation estimated by the Bayesian model. It takes into account estimation
uncertainty with stripped symbols. The number of plain symbols represents the
best estimate of the number of measurements above the OEL. The total number of
symbols (either plain or stripped) represents the maximum plausible number of
measurements above the OEL given estimation uncertainty (using the upper limit
of the underlying credible interval).

:: Translations: 677f437: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 310d9b2: Source Text

Exposures

:: Translations: 310d9b2: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: db16b44: Source Text

Default:

:: Translations: db16b44: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 962996f: Source Text

Its resulting probabilistic statements are easier to convey to stakeholders.

:: Translations: 962996f: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ff8d5e3: Source Text

It builds on a recognized risk assessment framework endorsed by leading
institutions, including the American Industrial Hygiene Association (AIHA), the
British Occupational Hygiene Society (BOHS), the Dutch Society for Occupational
Hygiene (NVVA), the French Institut national de recherche et de sécurité
(INRS), the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH), and
the European Standards Organization.

:: Translations: ff8d5e3: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 9e15647: Source Text

Dutch-British guidelines

:: Translations: 9e15647: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 5147736: Source Text

Modes

:: Translations: 5147736: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 92981c5: Source Text

If the overexposure risk is higher than 30%%, it is high. The situation
requires remedial action. We call it %s.

:: Translations: 92981c5: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4aabcde: Source Text

Enter other parameters. Some inputs are specific to certain panels and are
initially hidden. They are shown when an %s panel is chosen.

:: Translations: 4aabcde: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 0cd35ca: Source Text

The %s mode corresponds to the standard version of Tool 1. All %s panels are
shown.

:: Translations: 0cd35ca: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: aeaec6e: Source Text

Wait for the server to perform the calculations. All results will be shown once
they are ready.

:: Translations: aeaec6e: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 2502705: Source Text

Use this value to change the color of exposures that are below the exposure
limit.

:: Translations: 2502705: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f59a9a9: Source Text

Yes. Each plot may be expanded to a full-screen size. Hover over it and click
on the %s button on the bottom right.

:: Translations: f59a9a9: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 9797b53: Source Text

Tool 1 assumes that the measurements represent a random sample drawn from the
underlying distribution of exposures within the sampled context. In other
words, the data is considered representative of the specific exposure regimen
being assessed.

:: Translations: 9797b53: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 3710c88: Source Text

Jérôme Lavoué, Lawrence Joseph, Peter Knott, Hugh Davies, France Labrèche,
Frédéric Clerc, Gautier Mater, Tracy Kirkham, %s, Annals of Work Exposures and
Health, Volume 63, Issue 3, April 2019, Pages 267-279.

:: Translations: 3710c88: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ffb2d53: Source Text

Box and Whiskers Plot

:: Translations: ffb2d53: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8da5ea7: Source Text

This plot shows the probability distribution of the uncertainty around the
selected percentile. It shows the probability that its true value is (1) below
1% of the OEL, (2) between 1% and 10% of the OEL, (3) between 10% and 50% of
the OEL, (4) between 50% and 100% of the OEL, and (5) greater than the OEL.
This is based on the classification adopted by AIHA. The red column represents
the probability of an overexposure. The latter should be lower than the
threshold shown as a black dashed line.

:: Translations: 8da5ea7: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4f7aff7: Source Text

How are censored measurements imputed?

:: Translations: 4f7aff7: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: be6fb8b: Source Text

This plot shows a shaded and darker region corresponding to the maximal
acceptable exceedance. Red symbols outside of it are unacceptable exposures. It
takes into account estimation uncertainty with stripped symbols. The number of
plain symbols represents the best estimate of the number of measurements above
the OEL. The total number of symbols (either plain or stripped) represents the
maximum plausible number of measurements above the OEL given estimation
uncertainty (using the upper limit of the underlying credible interval).

:: Translations: be6fb8b: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 46750b1: Source Text

Changelog

:: Translations: 46750b1: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 67c3cba: Source Text

What is the statistical approach used by Tool 1?

:: Translations: 67c3cba: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 3a47c3b: Source Text

Select a threshold for the probability that this criterion is met, above which
remedial action (or additional sampling) should be required. Equivalently, one
can reason in terms of the degree of confidence that the exposure criterion is
not met: an overexposure risk threshold of at most 30% is equivalent to
reaching at least 70% confidence that there is no overexposure.

:: Translations: 3a47c3b: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4765dff: Source Text

This plot shows the probability distribution of the uncertainty around the
exceedance fraction. It shows the probability that its true value is (1) below
%s, (2) between %1$s and %2$s, and (3) greater than %s. The red column
represents the probability of an overexposure. The latter should be lower than
the threshold shown as a black dashed line.

:: Translations: 4765dff: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ac24260: Source Text

Overexposure is defined as the exceedance fraction being greater than or equal
to %s.

:: Translations: ac24260: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: b3c553f: Source Text

Use this value to change the background color of exposures those that are below
the exposure limit.

:: Translations: b3c553f: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 466a65e: Source Text

Overexposure Risk Threshold:

:: Translations: 466a65e: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 97a777e: Source Text

Quantiles (Standardized Measurements)

:: Translations: 97a777e: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 1b5e945: Source Text

Use square brackets to denote interval censored values (e.g. [20-30]).

:: Translations: 1b5e945: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8cdd8fb: Source Text

Two plots (with uncertainty)

:: Translations: 8cdd8fb: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: da34e30: Source Text

Geometric Mean

:: Translations: da34e30: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 54697e1: Source Text

Locate the primary sidebar on the left and follow these steps.

:: Translations: 54697e1: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: a2acebe: Source Text

Add a greater than or equal sign before each measurement censored to the right
(e.g. >30.0).

:: Translations: a2acebe: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 89fba6b: Source Text

Frequently Asked Questions

:: Translations: 89fba6b: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 0d592d3: Source Text

It allows the inclusion of external information in the measurements (not yet
leveraged).

:: Translations: 0d592d3: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 3bd86da: Source Text

Yes. Below are four videos made by the authors of Expostats. The last two stem
from a 6-hour-long professional development course (PDC) made in 2024 for the
Indonesian Industrial Hygiene Association.

:: Translations: 3bd86da: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: cf880eb: Source Text

The point estimate of the arithmetic mean is equal to %s.

:: Translations: cf880eb: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: e92bf46: Source Text

version

:: Translations: e92bf46: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 07fb93b: Source Text

problematic

:: Translations: 07fb93b: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: a7c73b7: Source Text

Measurements are entered in the Measurements text area of the %s sidebar.
Failing to follow the following rules below will inevitably lead to undefined
behavior.

:: Translations: a7c73b7: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: b267cef: Source Text

In accordance with the International System of Units (SI) and what the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) of the United States recommends
(see %s for more information), always put a leading zero before decimals for
numbers strictly smaller than one.

:: Translations: b267cef: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 5f12363: Source Text

How should measurements be formatted?

:: Translations: 5f12363: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ab42808: Source Text

The traditional threshold for the probability of overexposure is 5% (i.e.
reaching 95% confidence that there is no overexposure). More recently,
following foundational work in France around 2010, several institutions have
adopted an overexposure risk threshold of 30% (70% level of confidence).
Discussion about the rationale for the use of 70% confidence (or a 30%
tolerable overexposure risk) can be found in the following scientific paper.

:: Translations: ab42808: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: d111f1a: Source Text

Density Plot

:: Translations: d111f1a: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4a8e3cf: Source Text

The plot on the left shows an acceptable situation for the chosen exceedance
threshold (traditionally 5% above the OEL). The plot on the right shows the
situation estimated by the Bayesian model. It does not take into account
estimation uncertainty.

:: Translations: 4a8e3cf: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 39bcd98: Source Text

This plot shows the probability distribution of the uncertainty around the %s
percentile. It shows the probability that its true value is (1) below 1%% of
the OEL, (2) between 1%% and 10%% of the OEL, (3) between 10%% and 50%% of the
OEL, (4) between 50%% and 100%% of the OEL, and (5) greater than the OEL. This
is based on the classification adopted by AIHA. The red column represents the
probability of an overexposure. The latter should be lower than the threshold
shown as a black dashed line.

:: Translations: 39bcd98: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 899d691: Source Text

Enter your measurements. Measurements can be pasted from a copied spreadsheet
column.

:: Translations: 899d691: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 0e99366: Source Text

Arithmetic Mean Category

:: Translations: 0e99366: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8d5cf97: Source Text

Variant:

:: Translations: 8d5cf97: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 897e74a: Source Text

Current Sample

:: Translations: 897e74a: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 5518029: Source Text

How can I verify that my measurements were successfully imported?

:: Translations: 5518029: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f111efa: Source Text

Who currently maintains Tool 1?

:: Translations: f111efa: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 5b8a460: Source Text

The point estimate of the geometric standard deviation is equal to %s.

:: Translations: 5b8a460: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 96d547d: Source Text

Maximum

:: Translations: 96d547d: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 4f91509: Source Text

%s Percentile

:: Translations: 4f91509: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: da9cc89: Source Text

Risk Band Plot

:: Translations: da9cc89: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 2dc8049: Source Text

Above Exposure Limit:

:: Translations: 2dc8049: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 9670dfb: Source Text

Always use a dot for decimals.

:: Translations: 9670dfb: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: c6394ac: Source Text

About My Measurements

:: Translations: c6394ac: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 21d66f8: Source Text

Detected

:: Translations: 21d66f8: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 1583901: Source Text

This plot shows a shaded and darker region corresponding to the maximal
acceptable exceedance. Red symbols outside of it are unacceptable exposures. It
does not take into account estimation uncertainty.

:: Translations: 1583901: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f0d17dd: Source Text

This plot illustrates the proportion of exposures that would be above the OEL
in a fictional sample of one hundred measurements. Each flask represents an
exposure value. Those that are above the exposure limit are colored in red.
This can be changed according to your needs using the sidebar on the right.
Four variants of the Exceedance Plot are available.

:: Translations: f0d17dd: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 79e5ee7: Source Text

Distribution Parameters

:: Translations: 79e5ee7: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f10baab: Source Text

Probability

:: Translations: f10baab: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ee91f19: Source Text

Not Censored

:: Translations: ee91f19: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 1f724fd: Source Text

Tool 1 offers two so-called %s controlling how much information is displayed to
the user.

:: Translations: 1f724fd: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 7385e52: Source Text

The rationale proposed by Expostats for decision-making when interpreting
industrial hygiene exposure data is described in the following accompanying
paper.

:: Translations: 7385e52: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: da5e3d2: Source Text

Overexposure is defined as the arithmetic mean being greater than or equal to
the OEL.

:: Translations: da5e3d2: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 9725731: Source Text

Methodological Background

:: Translations: 9725731: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: d257a4e: Source Text

≤ 1% OEL

:: Translations: d257a4e: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 1a51cee: Source Text

Tool 3

:: Translations: 1a51cee: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 2bbf9dd: Source Text

How can I submit bugs or provide feedback?

:: Translations: 2bbf9dd: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 68c086f: Source Text

The measurement dataset. There must be one value per line. Values can be
censored to the left (<), to the right (>), or interval censored ([X-Y]). For
more information, see the Calculation Parameters section in Frequently Asked
Questions (FAQ) above.

:: Translations: 68c086f: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 463c845: Source Text

This plot shows the probability density function of the estimated distribution
of exposures. The OEL is shown as a red line. The exceedance fraction is the
area under the curve beyond the OEL value.

:: Translations: 463c845: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: f9b43e3: Source Text

What is the rationale for the proposed risk assessment framework?

:: Translations: f9b43e3: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: a5a2911: Source Text

Exceedance Fraction

:: Translations: a5a2911: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 7be717b: Source Text

Made with %s by %s.

:: Translations: 7be717b: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 865ddc6: Source Text

Use this value to change how the information is displayed. See the footer below
for additional details on the chosen variant.

:: Translations: 865ddc6: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 5eb3d78: Source Text

The Bayesian models and data interpretation procedures used by this application
are derived from current best practices in industrial hygiene, as reviewed in
the the following accompanying scientifice paper. Further details and
references are also available on %s.

:: Translations: 5eb3d78: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ea1ddd5: Source Text

If the overexposure risk is betwen 5%% and 30%%, it is moderate. The situation
is controlled, but with a limited safety margin. We call it %s.

:: Translations: ea1ddd5: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 1a0644e: Source Text

Measurements censored to the right are imputed as 9/4 of the censoring point.

:: Translations: 1a0644e: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 74f948f: Source Text

Frequently Asked Questions. Get additional information on Tool 1.

:: Translations: 74f948f: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: b740be6: Source Text

Do not use a separator for thousands.

:: Translations: b740be6: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 603143d: Source Text

The probability that this criterion is met should be lower than %s.

:: Translations: 603143d: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: ceefbab: Source Text

Density

:: Translations: ceefbab: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 8141885: Source Text

Use the %s panel. It provides descriptive statistics, a quantile-quantile plot,
and a box and whiskers plot that can be used to ensure that measurements were
parsed as expected and successfully imported.

:: Translations: 8141885: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 75844cd: Source Text

Use this value to change the background color of exposures those that are above
the exposure limit.

:: Translations: 75844cd: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: a2334d7: Source Text

Backgrounds

:: Translations: a2334d7: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 501a2ee: Source Text

Exposure Limit

:: Translations: 501a2ee: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 3e0b7d6: Source Text

Minimum

:: Translations: 3e0b7d6: Translation

# Insert a translation here.

:: Translations: 12bad1c: Source Text

You may bookmark your preferred settings by passing them as query parameters
(see the current URL displayed by your web browser for the current web page).
Values must be valid. Otherwise, they are automatically replaced by default
values.

:: Translations: 12bad1c: Translation

# Insert a translation here.
